# Instagagement

Python script that automates [Telegram engagement groups](https://medium.com/@violet.emily.xoxo/inside-instagram-pods-the-secret-trick-to-increase-your-engagement-55b0d9c3cee9) for Instagram such as Wolf Global by combining Instagram bots (InstaPy and Instabot.py) and Telegram API (Telethon). Optionally you can enable function to follow Instagram profiles that have liked your competitor latest posts after which unfollow function is used (unfollows after 48h).

If you got fed up with manually engaging with posts through Telegram groups, then this is for you.

This also runs on Raspberry Pi. If I recall correctly, then it needed Python 3.7, but some features have been removed, thus 3.5 might be enough. If you wish to run this on Pi, turn off GUI that InstaPy requires in instagagement.py login function:

```
instapy = InstaPy(
  username = config['ig_username'], 
  password = config['ig_password'], 
  headless_browser = True,
  nogui = True,
  multi_logs = True
  )
```

## Features

- Finds your latest posts, gets links from them, joins Telegram group, finds all the links to engage with, engages, posts yours. That simple.
- Intended for constant use with limited hours during the day (e.g. 6.00 to 18.00).
- Supports basic Telegram engagement groups - post amount based and time based. All the available groups are found in group_template.json, more can be added. Currently 25 groups listed. Request any missing, but it is quite easy to add them.

## Requirements

- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Telegram account with created [application](https://my.telegram.org/apps) from which API hash and ID will be used
- [InstaPy](https://github.com/timgrossmann/InstaPy) for handling follow/unfollow
- [Instabot.py](https://github.com/instabot-py/instabot.py) for handling likes and finding user feed last links (finds the links from specified profile which are needed in Telegram groups for posting)
- [Telethon](https://github.com/LonamiWebs/Telethon) for handling Telegram

## Installation

Until proper package is made, download the files and install following:

```
pip install instapy
pip install instabot-py
pip install telethon
```
Should be ready to run the script.

## Usage

To get started and set everything up, run 'quickstart.py'. During quickstart you will be asked for your Instagram credentials and Telegram API keys which you can generate [here](https://my.telegram.org/apps). 

There is premade script for simple operation - run.py.

If you exit python script while Telegram client is open, you will block Telegram's session file. To fix it, run create_session.py and change the name of session file in config file of your account (generated by quickstart.py).

The groups go into 2 main categories: those, who require you to engage with the account that you want likes on (e.g. Wolf Global) and those who dont (e.g. Boostgram). This will be decided during quickstart. 

Some groups have minimum follower requirement. Use with care as currently there is nothing checking that (will add soon).

Known bugs:

- After liking the posts that have been missed during first liking batch, it does not find the newly missed ones. Minor issue. Noticable in fast-pacing groups.
- Some useful features needed.
- Gets funny after midnight (dumb timing in run.py) - e.g. do not use with timing from 23 to 4 (it does not like day switch).
- Probably some other mess. Been stress-testing it for several days, no major issues.

More details coming soon (maybe).

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Software is quite messy due to inexperience with Python and time constraints. 

## License

Did not bother to add anything, do as you wish.

> **Disclaimer**: Please Note that this is a research project. I am by no means responsible for any usage of this tool. Use on your own behalf. I'm also not responsible if your Instagram account gets banned due to extensive use of this tool. If Telethon is outdated, your Telegram account most likely will get banned, update Telethon frequently. Check your Telegram frequently to see if any engagement has been missed (happens very rarely).
